"diminish"	"decrease, lessen, dwindle, shrink, contract, decline, subside, wane, fade, recede, weaken, moderate"
"din"	"loud, noise, uproar, clamor"
"diplomatic"	"polite, tactful"
"disclaim"	"repudiate, reject, disown, disavow, renounce"
"discursive"	"digressive, rambling"
"dismal"	"cheerless, miserable, dreary"
"dispute"	"(n)argument or quarrel, disagreement (v)argue, disagree with"
"disseminate"	"spread (an idea or a message), broadcast, disperse"
"divert"	"(1)deflect, reroute, turn, detour (2)amuse, entertain, distract"
"dogmatic"	"absolute, opinionated, dictatorial, authoritative, arrogant"
"ebullient"	"bubbling, enthusiastic, exuberant"
"eccentric"	"(n)freak, oddball, weirdo, nonconformist (adj)odd, unorthodox, unconventional, offbeat"
"ecstatic"	"delighted, overjoyed, euphoric"
"elusive"	"slippery, evasive"
"embellish"	"elaborate, expand, ornament"
"eminent"	"prominent, well-known, famous, distinguished, noteworthy"
"emulate"	"imitate, simulate, copy, follow"
"encompass"	"encircle, circumscribe"
"endorse"	"accept, approve, authorize, accredit, encourage, advocate,"
"enigma"	"mystery, riddle, puzzle"
"entice"	"tempt, lure, attract"
"era "	"period (of time), age, epoch"
"erudite"	"wise, learned, knowledgeable, informed ."
"essential"	"basic, central, fundamental, important, crucial, necessary, urgent"



(v) to publicly present tor inspection
exhibit
the car exposition exhibits the latest model of sports cc7l's.
reveal, display
synonyms: show,
on public display
(n) an object or collection
the exhibits of the metropolitan museum of art include o roman
sarcophagus and on egyptian temple.
synonyms: object, item, showpiece . .
of foreign origin or character, strange, exciting
exotic
the atmosphere of the restaurant was exotic, but the food was pedestrian
synonyms: foreign, alien, unfamiliar
expunge to delete or omit completely
the censor wanted to expunge all parts of joyce's ulysses he thought
were obscene. .
synonyms: erase, obliterate, strike out
extricate to release from difficulty or an entanglement
the fly was unable to extricate itself from the flypaper
synonyms: disengage, release, withdraw
extroverted outgoing or interested in people
an extroverted person wouldnt think twice about going to a party of
strangers.
synonyms: outgoing, gregarious
fanatic someone with excessive enthusiasm, especially in politics or religion
unable to,/isten to differing opinions, the fanatic politician screamed at
his opponent and ran out of the debate.
synonyms: zealous
fatal causing, or capable of causing, death or ruin
the race ear driver suh'ered a
fatal accident when his car hit u potcl7
of o/7 on the roadway.
synonyms: lethal, deadly, killing, mortal, malignant
fatigue (v) to exhaust the strength of
the energetic baby fatigued 1778.
synonyms: tire out, weary, enervate
(n) weariness, tiredness from exertion
the recruits suffered from
fatigue after the tvveniy-mile march.
synonyms: exhaustion, wearinegg
fauna
animals of a given area
darwin studied the fauna of the
co/a,o<zgos islands.
synonyms: animals, creatures, beasts
fervent
showing great warmth,
intensity feeling, enthusiasm, hot, burning glowing
i g/t1 g fervent admirer of that authors works;
i think she is 0 genius.
5yl'tohyms: warm, eager, enthusiastic
fickle
easily changeable, especially in emotions
she eomed g reputation for being o fickle customer, she q/ways
changed her order of least twice,
synonyms; inconstant
fidelity
faithfulness to duties, truthfulness
a traitor is someone whose fidelity is questioned
9 synonyms: loyalty, allegiance, faithfulness, devotion, truthfulness,
accuracy
flagrant
outrageously glaring, noticeable, or evident, notorious, scandalous
his flagrant disregard for the rules hos resulted in his dismissal from
the job,
synonyms: obvious, glaring
flippant not serious, playful, irreverent
john was flippant to the teacher, so she sent him to the principals
otifce
synonyms: frivolous, flip, playful
foretell to predict the future
some prophets claim to foretell the future.
synonyms: forecast, prophesy, auger
able to inspire awe or wonder because of outstanding power, size, etc
formidable
the steep face of rock we were directed to climb wgs indeed
formidable.
synonyms: impressive, awe-inspiring, impregnable, invincible
a spell of violent, wild behavior, temporary madness
frenzy
as she watched her basketball team lose the game, susan gradually
worked herself into a frenzy.
synonyms: mania, hysteria, craze, furor, mania, turmoil
ineffective, useless, unimportant
futile
before the storm was futile; the wind
our attempt to reach the shore
blew us back into the middle of the lake.
useless, hopeless, pointless
synonyms:
